clarify usage of structural parameters in glossary (#1850)
modelica/fmi-standard: docs/7___appendix.adoc

Step events are, for example, used to change the mapping of the continuous states to variables (<<dynamic-state-selection>>).

|_structural parameter_

> |A parameter that can be set in <<ConfigurationMode>> before <<InitializationMode>>, e.g.,  for influencing the size and/or dimensionality of an array variable of an FMU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|A parameter that can be changed in <<ConfigurationMode>>, i.e. prior to <<InitializationMode>>, and, if tuneable, also in <<ReconfigurationMode>>.
Structural parameters can be used to influence the size and/or dimensionality of array variables of an FMU, for example.
```
